Think Dongqing River
Go through me first
fuck
The mouth is still so hard when you are about to die
Fuck him for me
Yeah.
The dignified Jiangdong Yipin family has this amount of gas
go down
No, let's get out
This dog is going crazy and biting
withdraw
I have so much in Jiangdong
Spent so much money
Raised so many people
Isn't it for today?
If I don't kill you today
My surname is not Xu
Go and ask Guo Rongkang to call the shots
Guo Rongkang Guo helmsman
Is that the chief helmsman of the Jiangdong branch of Xueyumen?
Who doesn't know?
Ning provoke Yama
You can't let go of Guo Rongkang either.
Kang Daming Jiangdong children dare not liquid
Lin Fan is in big trouble now
Teach Master Guo not only to lead Jiangdong Blood Jade
It is the Blood Jade Protector
A confidant promoted by Lord Blood Rose
Who am I?
Blood rose, right?
I see.
Oh, I see.
Wait a minute, when he comes, I'll get their attention.
You go from behind while they are unprepared
Such a beautiful play
How can you go?
Hey Lin Fan
Guo Du will leave the house in a while
I hope your mouth is still this wet
Who is so arrogant
Dare to make trouble in Jiangdong
I think my life is too long